Design thinking framework involves the following phases:

Empathize
 empathize with people, you try to deeply understand their feelings, thoughts, and experiences on their own terms, without bias or preconceptions. 
design thinking framework involves the following phases: empathize, define, ideate, prototype, and test.
   powerful methods for empathizing with users as a UX designer:
     Interviews 
      Questionnaires/surveys
      In-person interviews
      Phone interviews
      Video interviews
     Empathy maps
      Who exactly are the users and what are their situations?
      What do users say about their experiences with the product or similar products?
      What do users think about their experiences?
      What do users do before, during, and after their experiences?
      What do users feel about their experiences?
     User personas
         Personas are fictional characters who represent groups of similar users. They help designers distill large amounts of user information into 
           more manageable chunks. 
Define
 designers analyze their empathy work to answer this key question: Which of my users’ needs or problems are the most important ones for my design to address? 
 User stories
 User journeys
 Probleme statment

Ideate, 
 phase is all about getting creative and brainstorming lots of potential solutions. 
 Rapid sketching
 competitive audit 
 Scamper
 Collaboration

Prototype, 
 the goal is not to build a final product. Rather, designers produce early models, or prototypes, of the solution so they can see how it will look and function for users. Prototypes also show stakeholders and potential users what the design can do.
Test.
 Information architecture
 Sitemaps
 Wireframing (paper and digital)
 Lo-fi prototypes
 Hi-fi prototypes 

Business goals typically describe:
 The users they want the design to target
 The outcomes they want the design to achieve
 Their vision for the design’s final look and functionality

Business parameters typically describe:
 The project’s budget, timeline, and scope
 The specific tools and systems that designers must use or design for
 The requirements and standards the design must meet

A design sprint is a time-bound process with five phases typically spread out over five full, eight-hour days.
The goal of design sprints is to solve a critical design challenge through designing, prototyping, and testing ideas with users. 

Design sprints generally include five phases: understand, ideate, decide, prototype, and test.
 Benefit 
- it is all about the user
- Value every person in the room
- the best idea rise to top
- time to focus
- lowers the risk
- Versatile schedule
- save time
    With a sprint, your team can cut the decision-making process down from several months to a single week.
- create an effective path to bring a product to market
- prioritize the user, putting their needs front and center. 
- test your product and get customer reactions before making any expensive decisions. 

 Before launching into a design sprint
Are there many potential solutions to your design challenge?
Does a design challenge require people from cross-functional teams to weigh in?
Is the design challenge's scope wide enough for a sprint?

 The design thinking framework:
Is an overarching framework with five phases: Empathize, Define, Ideate, Prototype, and Test
Is an overall philosophy for approaching problem solving
Spans the entire product development process and is open-ended
Utilizes many different methods and tools

 A design sprint is:
A time-bound process with five phases: Understand, Ideate, Decide, Prototype, and Test
A specific implementation plan for solving a specific design challenge
Strictly timebound from start to finish, typically spread over five full business days
One method with a defined process 

 Plan design sprints
user research, schedule talks with experts, find the right space, gather supplies, establish ground rules, break the ice with your team, and plan out post-sprint action items.

The sprint brief is a document that you'll share with all of your attendees to help them prepare for the sprint.
sprint leader is the person who sends out the brief to the team. But, that's not always the case. 

retrospective is a collaborative critique of the team's design sprint. We usually do retrospective meetings immediately following the sprint so that everyone's thoughts are fresh. Retrospective meetings don't have any particular agenda. The goal is to make sure everyone who took part in the sprint has a chance to give feedback.
The two key questions we aim to answer in the meeting are, what went well and what can be improved? 
